i like watching shitty tv drama shows
usually crime ones..
my fav is ‘ Bones ‘ !!

i own one 3 year old ginger tabby-patch
cat, named ' panko ‘ ( woo !!)

i both grew up with and later inherited a
24 year old cat, named, ‘ seymour weiner
noodles ‘ 
i always called him ‘ noodie boo ‘ 
he passed away peacefully in
his sleep on august 22nd, 2022 .

i also almost full-time take care of my
sisters pet rabbit, gray and white
spotted dwarf mix, named ‘ xuân hoa ‘
its a vietnamese name that means spring blossom !!

im mixed!! main ethnictys are,
Vietnamese, german, and french. i also
apparently am mixed with, irish,
norwegian,
hungarian, and something else i
cant remember.. 

i have a big family, and is close with my
immediate family.

we also have a ( unfortunatly ) large pet
graveyard outside in the dog run.
there lies, noodie, twinkie, jebez, caspian, and maul.
rest in peace.
 
ive always loved drawing and animation.
i dont animate too too terribily often now,
but i would love to get back into it!! its a lot fun for me. however i still do draw and as well as paint quite frequently!!

let me know if you want any of my platforms where i post photos of my art and speed-draws!!

i play a bit of piano and like to fool
around with virtual instruments.
would like to play the violin someday.

i lovee eating cheese and dairy in
love. love. LOVE. cheese…

music addict. my genres can vary quite
vast, but i mainly stray in the vkei
genre. however, other music genres i
enjoy include : country, rock in general,
classical, alternative ambient, etc

i also really enjoy poetry,
and writing
in general. both reading it and actually
writing it. i find symbolism very cool!!
im currently trying to get into writing more seriously again about my characters!
i have many OC’s and have had many of these same ones since i was in elementary school probably.
im very passionate about my characters and their lives and storys, i base many of their storys and personalities on those i know in real life. 

coming to a close now!
i think this about finishes this off!!
bye!! thanx 4 reading this!
